quick-start.md clarifications (#120)
ethersphere/docs.github.io: docs/installation/quick-start.md

If your system is not supported, please see the [manual installation](/docs/installation/manual) section for information on how to install Bee.

The overview of the installation process:

>  1. set up an external signer for Bee (e.g. install *bee-clef*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. (Recommended) set up an external signer for Bee (i.e. install *bee-clef*)
```
Bee clef is optional, and at the moment the only option for an external signer, so have suggested a couple of changes 😉

 2. install the Bee application package

>  3. fund your node with ETH and BZZ

Reviewer 2: g(ETH) and g(BZZ) for the time being. Is this worthy to add according to you?

Author: @Eknir i think we should write the docs in a future-proof way, and only point out that it's running on the testnet currently at the sections where it's relevant, e.g. where funding itself is described.

what do you think?

Author: @Eknir or maybe in a big fat warning at the opening page of the docs?

Reviewer 2: Leaving that up to @significance . Anyways. Good to go for me as is.

Reviewer: Yep agree with @Eknir i think we should keep it the same as the rest of the docs for now to avoid to confusion, i think we can change them en-masse when we go live.

```suggestion
 3. fund your node with gETH and gBZZ
```
